Remove maxmind auto update doc (#183)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip: CHANGELOG.md

## 7.1.2

>   - Remove EULA doc as MaxMind auto-update retarget to 7.14 [#183](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip/pull/183)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Remove EULA doc as MaxMind auto-update has been retargeted to a later release [#183](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip/pull/183)
```
